تنقيب في البيانات
4 R:معرفة,1.0,5,
3 R:علم,1.0,5,
R:استكشاف,0.0,1,
R:رئيس الولايات المتحدة,0.0,1,
R:الله,0.0,1,



S:التنقيب في البيانات(بالانجليزية: data mining) هي عملية بحث محوسب ويدوي عن 
معرفة من البيانات دون فرضيات مسبقة عما يمكن أن تكون هذه المعرفة. كما ويعرف ...
S:Generally, data mining (sometimes called data or knowledge discovery) is the 
process of analyzing data from different perspectives and summarizing it into ...
S:Data mining is accomplished by building models. A model uses an algorithm to 
act on a set of data. The notion of automatic discovery refers to the execution of ...
S:An Introduction to Data Mining. Discovering hidden value in your data warehouse
. Overview. Data mining, the extraction of hidden predictive information from ...
S:27 آذار (مارس) 2014 ... من المؤكد أن التنقيب في البيانات Data mining هو من الموضوعات بالغة الأهمية ... وإلا ما 
الذي يجعلها أحد الموضوعات الأكثر أهمية لرئيس الولايات المتحدة ...
S:2 تموز (يوليو) 2015 ... ما هو Data Mining ؟ إلى ماذا ينقسم؟ ما هي مراحلة؟ ما هي Market basket analysis؟ كل هذا 
وأكثر ستعرفه في هذا المقال.
S:3 شباط (فبراير) 2015 ... التنقيب عن البيانات او ما يسمى احيانا استكشاف المعرفة هو عملية تحليل البيانات 
الضخمة المتعددة الانواع والمصادر للبحث عن وجود أي انماط أوعلاقات ...
S:At the highest level of description, this book is about data mining. However, ... 
takes an algorithmic point of view: data mining is about applying algorithms to 
data ...
S:Mar 2, 2016 ... An algorithm in data mining (or machine learning) is a set of heuristics and 
calculations that creates a model from data. To create a model, the ...
S:Educational Data Mining (EDM) describes a research field concerned with the 
application of data mining, machine learning and statistics to information ...
S:Educational Data Mining is an emerging discipline, concerned with developing 
methods for exploring the unique and increasingly large-scale data that come ...
S:Open source data visualization and data analysis for novice and expert. 
Interactive workflows with a large toolbox. Orange Data Mining. Download 
Orange.
S:The increasing volume of data in modern business and science calls for more 
complex and sophisticated tools. Although advances in data mining technology ...
S:Mining Massive Datasets from Stanford University. This class teaches algorithms 
for extracting models and other information from very large amounts of data.
S:A guide to practical data mining, collective intelligence, and building 
recommendation systems by Ron Zacharski. This work is licensed under a 
Creative ...
S:Buy Data Mining for Business Intelligence: Concepts, Techniques, and 
Applications in Microsoft Office Excel with XLMiner on Amazon.com ✓ FREE 
SHIPPING ...
S:The online version of Data Mining: Concepts and Techniques by Jiawei Han, 
Micheline Kamber and Jian Pei on ScienceDirect.com, the world's leading 
platform ...
S:The follows are some free and/or open source tools for data mining applications. 
Some of them are free for non-profit use only. Please check corresponding ...
S:30 كانون الأول (ديسمبر) 2009 ... اخوتي الكرام اعضاء منتدى الفريق العربي للبرمجه ساقوم ان شاء الله في هذه المقاله 
بشرح علم تنقيب البيانات Data mining. والذي افضل ان اسميه ...
S:Data Mining Cluster Analysis - Learn Data Mining in simple and easy steps using 
this beginner's tutorial containing basic to advanced knowledge starting from ...
NDCG:1.0